Now to find a solution for the problem of our components sometimes not having the right width on different
screen sizes, it's important to understand that Ionic in its core has three different types of components
and now these are the categories I came up with,
it's not an official term but I think it helps if you think about these components in these terms.
We have components that help us with the output of data,
we have components that help us with layout in the page and organizing and ordering components
and we have components that help us with getting user input. Output components would be things like ion-img,
ion-badge, ion-label, ion-title, ion-toolbar, ion-alert,
so basically components that mostly display things.
Now obviously in that list, there are some things like ion-alert where the user can also press a button
and interact with it,
so of course this component kind of does both
but generally, these components are mostly focused on getting something onto the screen which we want
to display to the user. Layout components are not directly themselves visible but their effect is visible
because they basically allow us to structure content, things like ion-grid which we haven't used yet
but which we'll use in a second,
ion-list, ion-tabs, so basically components that sometimes also have their visible parts like ion-card
but which also are important for grouping things together, ordering elements in a certain way.
And last but not least, input components like ion-button, ion-input, ion-text-area, so all these components
that mostly are there for the user to interact with, to type something, to click something, to tap a button.
These are three important categories and we had a look at elements from all these categories,
now since we have a component that is too wide, we want to shrink that size of the card,
we will probably need some more help from the layout box.
Now I already did put ion-card in there,
you could also put it in the output box,
it kind of does both,
it outputs something with some default styling but it also groups the things together
but what will definitely help us here is the ion-grid.